you know I've asked by people of all ages sometime soon usually by young
people did you get to shoot anybody or killing body in the service
I think most people who've been in the military find that a rather
intrusive question and the people I've known who had to kill somebody
in the service don't treat it lightly and and it's not that they
don't want to talk about it but they feel like it's almost a not acceptable
interest someone should have so I'd I believe most people don't
want to answer that question I can tell you quite frankly that I
spent a year in a combat zone and was armed and had weapons with me
the entire time and I never had the opportunity or the obligation shooting
a weapon and anyone and that's true about most of people who
were in the military the movies and first person shooter games giving
the impression everybody's always shoot everybody all the time just
not true very few people get to fire the weapon directly at TI and